good atmosphere now to finish
today's live we're going to watch a video that you
've asked me for a lot okay you
've asked me for a lot I
think it talks about maybe funk
where Auron is toxic and that's why they didn't
invite him I'm
telling you there's more since I'm on
those topics okay
[Applause]
[Music]
and it's the video of me talking about those
from Andorra it's giving a lot to talk about this
video has been seen on twitter a lot of
people mentioning hate a lot of
people messing with him a lot of
people criticizing him a lot of people
abandoning him too okay I really haven't
seen the video but I more or less know the
way he manages his
opinions he saw it publicly okay this does
n't add up to me that there are people insulting him
attacking him and such valuable
surely surely from what Megan has
seen
thank you very much surely
for clicking that I've seen out there in the
comments are doing okay
surely no I'm not going to agree
with him that's for sure okay but I
think we have to respect all
opinions that all opinions are
valid
as long as they are with respect what does he
mean by this that in  I highly doubt
that the praise has caught on and he said that
the youtubers who leave Andorra are
thieves and are crooks who are going to
evade taxes or something like that, he always
if he said something like that then yes it would
seem
good to me, I'm going to react, I'm going to watch the
video to see how it is, he's only seen
a couple of clicks they posted on twitter
but what was said ok
[Music]
For my part, hatred is a person that
I appreciate very much so I would
appreciate it and not treat him badly whatever
opinion he has for that each
one of us is from our father and our
mother and we have different opinions and even
half of it is not necessary to be something in
pattern links in the description thank you very much
for your support let's talk
about the subject you have to a boxing
a boxing a boxing of his face has not
taken off host but it is the hole to another
eulogio is the hatred it is not the hatred of the
blanket bathrobe it is not even close to the cell phone the
fatties with the beard he seemed more like
Scottish mojinos ha ha ha it seemed like
the band did not come it is known in green  and they
transformed totally different guys
let's talk about the subject if you want to leave
Andorra then leave it goes without saying I'm
nobody to be the guardian of
morals I'll have my opinion and it
seems ugly to me but I want to be the guardian of
nobody's morals I'm not going to tell you what to
do or not to do I'll give you my opinion on the
matter which is different what really
pisses me off is the victimhood and it's something
that isn't new it's not from Rubios it's
from before it's been going on since the
first emigrants to Andorra who are all
going to say more or less the same thing
you're the only ones who speak openly
olé and olé and it's practically that they are
victims of this society if you want to
leave then I'm leaving because I like
money there is like the money because I don't think it's
because of the climate or the
fantastic job opportunities that
Andorra offers or the endless partying
that this place represents but I don't
think either that I see it as someone who
is leaving is playing the victim as
such I mean it's not like a victim like I
'm having a terrible time they are  They're
actually kicking me out, in fact, on
occasion I've said, well, you're not being
suffocated, okay,
but you do feel a little robbed, not
in the way that you make an effort to generate
a lot of money and in what you are, almost
half, it's asked of you
and then the thing about being victims of society, let's
see, the issue here, for me, is very
simple, I would like it if nobody had to
go to Andorra, I would like it if
nobody,
nobody loves each other and Andorra because
here there would be those taxes,
but I think that if the taxes here
were 25 to 30%, I think they wouldn't
leave because it's not worth it,
maybe what you're going to save, what you're going to
pay less here, what you're going to pay
more less, so here, by separating yourself
from your world, your environment or whatever,
there are people who don't care because it
depends on the life you lead, you don't care
or not, there are people who don't make a
sacrifice because they live a life where they
're only with their partner all day, the
two of them alone, and working on YouTube
or whatever, there are people to whom I say
to be here which is at the top of the
top of the North Pole of a mountain or
whatever it is okay but of course most
people want it or not a little bit of
social life there
[Music]
a little bit of social life for example I
have my parents not very close to home
[Music] it would be a
shame to leave him here alone you don't
want him to be able to meet up with some
friend who didn't stay much because he's almost
always working but yes
hey if once a month two or three times
a month I go out for a drink with
someone when the cob is not there and the
issues says that they are there it is better for us
and working as a result of removing that
possibility of always being able to come
visit whenever he wants of course with
all the money that is saved it gives you
enough money to come from
time to time to visit not whoever you
want no but it is not like it is a
victim because what money is taken from me by
taxes okay already
the thing is that they take all that money from you
to then throw it away it is worth it to
then throw it away on [ __ ] in
shacks that they set up to make
money for themselves and to profit  Okay
then
[Music] That's
where the problem is, the problem would be
for me that
surely if I don't know if you won't feel the
money in certain beach bars, okay, and
this is neither left nor right, let it be
clear that there is between the
beach bars, yes, it is true that the
Ministry of Equality is a
Podemos thing and that it has brought socialism
and cronyism to Father Church, not the
pact, and that they have made not a Ministry
of Equality, a ministry that costs 450
million euros and Mrs. Irene
Montero, Melissa, thank you very much, yesterday posted
a tweet saying that
genital mutilation should be punishable,
madam, that has been punishable for
many years.
Look at you, the Minister of Equality has
said that there
[Music]
Look at what the Minister of
Equality says, not to say it
's absurd, the money that you can
save, both that and the 300 thousand from
Colau's stones, the 20 thousand from
Sánchez's makeup artists,
their versions to beach bars that are
spokespeople for the left, a lot of
things, but the taxes have not been paid either
reduced how many are on the
right in the government then I think
that here the issue would not be left or
right then then the right will have
obtained other things like the ones there are
now that the politicians take the money
because the right wants it the
same has its things with which to
take money also here the issue is if
nobody steals if there was no corruption if there were no
plugs in
jobs that are not necessary by fingers
okay ministry that we invented to
place our relatives if you do not start
cutting pipi pipí pay for
life there would be no need to pay
so many taxes
okay that is the problem we are not going to
see taxes are for what they are we are
going to dedicate taxes solely and
exclusively to what they are
intended for okay not for you to
live like kings
and then surely they
can be lowered a lot and
normal taxes can be put in place and then
these people who earn
so much money would not continue and then Spain
would be much better it
is because you want more money be brave
and what people say is that no it is not that they
want more money I want more of
my money
this is like what they say it is not that they are
going to walk to earn more not to  earn
more I'm not going to
earn the same what I'm going to what they're
going to take less from me in taxes
there are people who say it even in a bad
way and it also sounds ugly I will also
be in my right to say he's a
clown saying that for the people who say it what you say
is a clown I consider
that it is out of place it's playing the
victim it seems to me an insult
to all the people who do suffer from
paying I imagine that when he said
that he is referring to people who say that maybe he's
leaving because he doesn't owe anything to
Spain because look do
n't say that God like Spain
owes him the potato omelette french
fries with eggs many things
[Music]
it's not the people's fault later they will
see in part if it is the people's because if
people continue without continue allowing them it's
worth it because when you are supporting the
same thing about the issue that we have to
pay that the taxes that there are have to be
paid and all that stuff you are
defending in the end with your position you
are supporting what the
politicians want to continue supporting that
people who leave because they don't
want to be condemned  that they take so much away because I didn't
like it and that they continue paying
so many taxes and they continue
living the high life at full speed okay
then in part the people are to
blame of course we have to realize
Beatriz thank you very much welcome we have to
realize one thing and that is that
politicians are our employees not
us theirs we have to
attack them obey their orders for
taxes the people who suffer because of
taxes may not be in the orbit of those
who are emigrating to Andorra
and do not know that reality or do not
know it they ignore it but the people who
suffer because of taxes
are small business owners the self-employed let's
say they have
four little things to get by during
the month and the mileuristas these are the
people who suffer because of taxes these are
the people who look at the end of the month and
say
well these extra hundred euros that
social security takes from me well they
come up with quite a few games to pay
rent not to pay it if I have to but
fortunately the people who have the least
have rights
such as public health taxes
are abusive for everyone be it like yes it
's true that whoever has  a lot of
money is not going to go hungry
because they will continue to have enough
money but that does not mean that it is
good that you have to give up and
allow them to take a ton of
money from you when it is not necessary for them to
take so much from you since in fact the
autonomous quota in a putt and ximo abuse
300 euros regardless of what they earn or rather I would
see it as fine for example three hundred euros
to me for example it would not seem more than that they
charge me three hundred euros from an
autonomous vote okay ok down to the
taxes as well as the perreo plan
thanks
to me for example
I arrived late haurón hyperx and going to
arcadia greetings from the colony of
spain chile face rolling around
laughing
too for example that they take away
three hundred 300 euros from me of 300 euros of
autonomous tax well okay well
but to take it away from a person
who generates a thousand or two thousand euros seems like
a lot to me, I mean
apart from the personal income tax you have to
pay 300 euros of quota yes or yes
and it is almost shameless and I will continue to
say
the indignation that I have with that  that
during the state of alarm when we
were confined to the poor and
these creatures who were with the
businesses closed because they could not open
because we were in a global pandemic
were collecting the self-employed fees that they
charge the youtubers okay of course
because we continue working even if
we are at home okay yes Caribbean
three hundred euros can become an
income in Spain almost a very bad apartment in
a bad neighborhood but it can be
the variable income for example here in
Seville the rent post can
make an average of 450 to 500 euros in a
working class neighborhood
but then in Madrid maybe yes it
is true that from what I have been told
Madrid-Barcelona
normal rents cost a thousand thousand and something okay
as are education as there are
so many things the pensions that are
paid through those taxes
these people who do not manage to pay their
taxes at the end of the month or that it
costs them or that they have to take away or
count a little bit for nationals but
still pay their taxes every month and
that they do suffer not like you who
have enough to live at all  luxury
these people who do suffer these people do
not stop paying taxes first
because they can not
and second because they do not have the good
resources to go to a
tax haven to pay less
Andorra not in any tax haven we
get where sometimes when it becomes many
years well many years but that
like 5 around there was that it left the list of
tax havens because precisely it is not
opaque
for the issue of Andorra they are very
monitored very controlled they present many
explanations about the issue that is there
of money or in other words there is no opacity so
by not having opacity it was already a
tax haven whoever wants that is why what
seems shameful to me what seems
humiliating and what appears out of touch with
reality
is complaining that you are left with a
lot of taxes when you are rich
waiting for the video of es danny it gives me a
bad feeling thoughtful face
of this announced video
so earn a lot of money that earn
a lot of money does not mean that you
cannot complain that you stay a lot you are
not going to get and you are going to say there is that
look what it takes from me is that it does not give me
enough for everything that I want is that it does not give
me enough  eat
obviously if they earn a lot of money if they
earn twenty thousand euros they take away 10,000 they
continue with 10,000 and they are very well
also with 10,000 propose that it has
generated 20 thousand
or in other words it has generated 20,000
then the more I produce let's see
since it already has enough then you can't
complain of course then yes yes I
earn forty thousand euros a month because
I try hard I upload many videos
people love me I have a lot of talent I am doing
very well and I earn forty fifty
thousand euros
because the mosque 30,000 damn take away
30,000 all with 10,000 I already have many
with 10,000 he has enough like that I think it has to
be a percentage that
has to go up the percentage
to me you are going that since the same
percentage it would be fine more or less
because the one who is winning would pay more
okay but yes it is true that for those who
have a very low income the percentage
should be lower like 19% and
then when it goes up but I think a
maximum  of 30 percent would be
fine
a maximum of 30% we're talking about
every 10,000 out
of every ten thousand three thousand
is fine out of every ten thousand three thousand is
paying a lot not
just insolence it seems to me an
insult to the people who do have to be
paying their taxes every
day
hello my javito I saw you well in the debate
a hug
from arte and ingrid the truth is that
things basically came out things were seen
as they should be seen you see that they
criticize they criticize things that they themselves do
not
on many occasions but there are
groups of youtubers that don't criticize each other
because they are friends
and then there they admitted to me that they didn't
criticize the one who was their friend okay
when two friends screw up and they didn't
criticize and then other things that were
also demonstrated is that in a moment
of cornering in a moment that
someone pisses you off they resort to
insults you can get heated and you can
resort to well yesterday they jumped very they
resorted to insults very easily
but it is one more example that they can't
complain and grab on to insults
when those insults are because  There are
many things that have been said to me okay
and for all the encouragement rhetor that is worth it
but oh well it was good the truth is that I do not
care if I have to upload to a
channel that has 200 viewers and
50 viewers if there is something that I will not
allow is that things are said about me that
are never bad I will never allow
things to be said about me fatty
and the thing remains that I have saved what they
are talking about live what they
are talking about all they talk
lies one thing happens another thing and they never
end this has to end I have already
said it now this has nowhere to
scratch they have nowhere to scratch nor should it be
taken to a court nor should it be
taken to more life more videos more
live if tomorrow or in three
months there is a controversy and we have to
comment on something about these people that
are commented on as a salsa channel that we are
as if they do not have to criticize
some of us for the same thing maybe we
are not here on youtube that we are
dedicated to that but I am clear
that if this continues forward but also
for a real complaint because it has been going on for
four months and I feel that the  goes puts
if in the end he arrives and puts it
we are going to put several
and well the chat was incredible I mean in
the charlotte bass lie that they told me was
[ __ ] I am proud to be your
follower and the truth is that it has a path
Ingrid Gracia but in the chat the
least that was said to me was [ __ ]
several you can already see I have it recorded
with the chat in case the chat is deactivated I do
n't know if I will upload it to my channel I will ask the
kid's permission to let me
upload it to my channel or something
but the chat was crazy and it
shows once again that
youtubers are not responsible for what
their chat says it's worth controlling a lot of
people and look we are talking about a
chat of 100 people two hundred
people later the least that they
said to me was [ __ ] about everything it was a [ __ ]
shame I have it recorded okay so what
the other recording in case you delete it because
then they are the ones who go around saying it's not
that their followers are like that because they
teach them it's that look at the
followers they have and how toxic
their chats are
in the end the fish always dies by the mouth
and  that's what the debates are they
called me cocaine addict too yes true
karim it's true [ __ ] cocaine addict they
told me all the debates are in the
places where it is really shown
where things are really shown
because you answer you go check under
the argument and there you see them there you see
each one in the debates are where
things are seen face to face ballet and that's why you
always have to debate you always have to
debate and not go to town there was
one that called you extortioner
several times they called me many
things but what I say yes if the thing continues
if you want to say for a player I don't care
let's play very very
calmly
but I already tell you I denounce you not
only me because I would go with him I would
go after him by right of honor by
civil law by criminal means for slander
okay
and also the criminal means for having sent
to report tell me that they will urge and that they
stop following me that they are very serious
then the issue of sergio hiv you see hs
if this continues you are going to file a
complaint that would also be for  the
criminal route and this is fully proven
okay because I have the joke and he knows what he
did, that this man was
sending it to me and other people okay I don't
know if in public either I don't remember
but I know that he was sending me
audios from a private group where
you were vh in which he is not a participant and
that is for criminal
if he wants to continue and wants to
take the risks they will fall on him from
all sides and the da would also go through
civil law for the right to honor so
he will know he
will try to solve my arm
twist but if he doesn't want to listen if he doesn't want to, it's
okay, I can allow myself to
defend myself okay if I have to go
defend myself and I will continue to be just as
calm and say it and it is my content it does not
depend and never has depended on him I can
be calm without
his subject being mentioned now if you criticize me if you do
direct and more is video if you go to
interviews on other channels or you
dedicate yourself to talking about lying twitter
could I will answer you as many times as
necessary although if his intention
is to get me a little paper  and with this little
piece of paper I'm going to shut up I'll
shut up while nine mentions are
worth
for the common good and he doesn't have the
resources to go on being king stop
paying them no no no no
no I'm talking about kill the ritz and I'm going to be
consistent already be human heaven
welcome be realistic if you're rich you're not a
victim you're privileged if
you're rich yes on that side yes but but just because you
're rich doesn't mean it's
okay for them to take half of
what you work for
I don't see any logical justification that's the
rich man's explanation he has enough even if you keep
half it does
n't fit me it doesn't fit me 200 but it doesn't fit me
doing what you do what you have to do
every
day is get up choruses between 6 dance and
give it for me too here of course
of course you're not going to start crying
either obviously it still has a
lot of nike or grace but maybe
I want to earn a lot bad because
maybe I want to open
companies invest in things I give it to him whenever I want it
supports my whole
family I know a thousand things  at least I
want much more
because I am one of those
privileged lucky people who without being really
with much less I feel
grateful and gifted every day to be able to live
doing what there is not a day that the
opposite does not look in the mirror and say how
lucky I am what a great gratitude I
owe to the universe for allowing me to live doing
what I like to do the most because it is a
great privilege and because it is not the
usual it is lucky also there is a
saying that I love that says work
at what you love and you will never have to
work a day in your life okay
because because because I am here
working yes it is true that there are days when my
head hurts a lot this silly
now at the computer my wife is going to kick me out
of the house any day because she wants me to spend
more time with her but
the hours go by the hours go by she is
cold I am working I am generating
the more time I dedicate to my work
the more productive I am I
am delighted that it is not at all
like going to pick up a sack of cement
then we are privileged and of
course if it is telling us
otherwise but not many who
take away what they yell at you
is a  shooting star that passes by from time to
time and it has to do with many
factors it has to do with talent it has to
do with the gift of
opportunity it has to do with luck it
also has to do with work and
effort obviously but there are many
factors that make you
privileged it
is that it has been cured from scratch well well
and I am not referring to anyone in
particular because in Andorra there are many I
am not referring to the cast that
commercial speech in general rather
to what extent and especially in
a business that has a lot to do with
diffusion
the environment in which you grow up
because of the sign that has been put here is
largely an environment generated
through sacrifice taxes of
everyone specifically and especially
those who can do the least you think
Lolito to
say a name okay and I don't want to
personalize but it is so that you get an
idea of ​​a person
if he had grown up in Andorra he would have
had the same diffusion if he had been
so well known
the same yes yes not
on YouTube we
all say yes everyone has that yes no
surely yes surely yes well that's why
in Andorra which is a
tax haven where everyone is
perfectly fine
and  that it is so easy to succeed because of course
everything is facilitated by the government
because you have to pay taxes and there are no
sacrifices that have to be
made there are so many so many famous
natives and so many rich natives of
Andorra and now it does not have rich natives
Andorra has rich inherited emigrants
because the context in which you
grow up is the place in which you grow up it is the
society in which you grow up it also has
a lot to do with how you expose yourself to the
world in who you are and how and how you
relate to others it is not the same
as you start uploading videos in Madrid
and of course it is one of the many
benefits especially as I tell you
for a job that has a lot to do
with dissemination but I do not like what he
is saying because it does not have it
tending badly maybe
but I think he is referring to the fact that it
is not the same in the environment that you
believe that you believe that it is not the same
the environment is worth your childhood or youth it depends
on your environment
Madrid for example in Malaga than in
Andorra
so this would seem a little ugly to me
on the part of the bread for the Andorrans what it
takes from  a lifetime and such what happens
that it was Andorra you can't be born and have
talent and have such well look what I'm going to
give you a very clear example by
maintaining your comment what I'm misinterpreting
is but I don't think I
can think of any other way to interpret it but I'm
going to give you an example of a kid who
has made it big and national
the pulpit foundling nation Andorra now
lives here in Spain but nation Andorra
also one thing happens is that it refers to audience but because if it doesn't matter where you are people are going to see you the same if you suddenly live in Andorra and we're bored because there are very few people on the
street and you start uploading videos
the same people are going to see you as if you had in
Malaga not
with three thank you very much Andorra in the end
it's a trap in terms of
taxes because less
taxes are paid in Andorra because there are very
few people there are very few people
can afford it but of course that's
Perez that here we could also
afford it not ten percent
because what goes from there to greet and here not a
chance that let's be honest it's there I think it's up to
24,000 euros 0 the photo
self-employed nothing 0 up to 24,000 euros that
is if you are self-employed and you generate
2,000 euros per month 0 of personal income tax to do
or
while here up to 24,000 euros
then they have already paid 2 has gone up
blond sections I hit the boom doing the idiot
x Madrid
for Madrid
has hit it in its fourth point no yes he
uploaded a video of events in Madrid'
meeting with other youtube and colleagues
that precisely recently I am watching them I
think that youtubers can do
everything that's why on youtube everything
in all the cities of the world no
youtube is on youtube in the whole
city youtube in all cities
so what's going on well but let's see
what you are saying man
it's a trap because neither in France nor
such if here in Spain they cannot
afford their taxes not a chance up to
24,000 zero the majority look at the vast
majority of people who are in Spain
in fact the vast majority do not  I know what
the exact percentage is but I'm sure it's
like eighty something. Okay, the vast
majority don't earn more than 60,000 euros a
month.
Okay, 12.
Imagine if the taxes were the
same as in Andorra and they paid
0 up to 224 thousand. What would be
collected? Nothing would be collected, not
just the little bit that
the rich contribute. However, in Andorra, on the
contrary, I believe that the majority of people
in Andorra earn a lot of money. Okay, so of
course, the situation is
completely different. Okay, but it
is true that here in Spain
taxes could be reduced a lot from what
they are. Okay, cutting back on things
that are wasted. No life. Nowhere else
could you pay 10 percent
taxes because they wouldn't even have enough to
build hospitals. That's the reality. It would
n't be sustainable. And that's left-wing,
right-wing, center, or anything.
That is an unavoidable reality. I don't
want right-wing because it is
true that progressives are accused of doing it.
Those who read the most point this out.
Okay, those who are defending this the most, that we
have to  crimes the youtubers
go to Andorra but the thing is that when the
right is in government they have not removed
the taxes they have maintained them
thank you very much many politicians who are
now these weeks with this
right-wing political issue oh look at the progressives
like I don't know what and how much well yes
but when the right governs they do not lower
taxes nor have they continued with the
same ones because they were
also with another little one and other things
if instead of a youtuber he was a big
businessman with a secure company I'm not going to
say names because he had a large
textile company that amasses millions and
millions and went to live in Andorra
to pay less taxes we would all
agree that he is a son of a [ __ ] I
mean the jovial aspect and the
youthful aspect and the fact the whole aspect of
being a mass idol makes a lot of difference
but I do not agree at all and he
said this and bye and today I am going to quote
ibai and what he said seemed very sensible to me
he said they take a lot from me but the thing is that I earn
a lot
and I have enough to be more than happy a
thousand in money I personally am
a person who does not but and vice  self-employed
or is it a company because that would have to be seen
because if you have a company and you hire
because there are people who say no but today
go hired I would not continue hiring you
because if a company is different not
like the self-employed
and go to self-employed or is it a company that would be it is
not known no I do not
get along with money no it has never
been a goal in my life at all
if I had not left it I would not have
stopped doing YouTube and monologues and
TV to make comics I mean I think it is
quite clear that money is not
a goal in my life
I totally believe it I mean there is but not
everyone has the same ambition
okay there are people who do not have it
in my case for example I am a
very ambitious person okay be it I am not
satisfied with what I have I always want more
and if I can give more of myself to
have more for what I try you know no I do not say
this is the top this is the limit you know and
there are people who maybe prefer to
live more peacefully preference to
obtain to be well and that's it and to be
happy like he just did because
the hatred is being taken out with what he is
doing I am very happy for him
valuable because  I appreciate him a
lot as a content creator and I have
followed him a lot, I know what he loves,
things are being and not just anyone can
get to where he has gotten and make
drawings that go hand in hand, he may not be
good with his thoughts of course
but hey,
no lack of respect like
others but if I earned 300 thousand a month
and I was left with only 150,000
drawing stick figures I'm
not complaining I dance I dance I
dance every day with my ass
facing the sun look imagine you have to
earn 300 thousand a month okay so out of 300
thousand a month if it were 30 percent which
is what I would see more or less logical we
would be talking about
300,000 euros requires water moment
of water
90 thousand euros to a person who earns
three hundred thousand euros if taxes
were 30 percent it would be 90 thousand
euros I would
n't see it as enough now out of 300 thousand they
take away 90 thousand
well since the buttocks tan let's
go by parts first that the one that  He
says that from 60,000 euros they
take away 45% it's not real they take away 45%
of the ok and in fact I think they tested it
45 percent of what goes over those
60 thousand euros
or if you earn 70,000 you will be left with
5,000 we have
already repeated this on occasions
in honor of the truth if it is as you
are saying all the praise but the fact is
that whoever earns 70 thousand a month today, a
month a year,
whoever earns 70 thousand a year and you know
that is earned here, it's worth it, whoever earns 70 thousand a
year shouldn't go to Andorra
look, they calculated it yesterday a person who
earns 60,000 euros a year
60,000 pays almost 20,000 in taxes
ok it seems like a lot to me the truth is it's a lot for me to
end up with 60 thousand and end up
with 40 thousand it seems like a lot to me
the truth but oh well but the problem
is that they don't earn 70 thousand a year
low the problem  of those who leave is that they
earn 70 thousand a month,
okay, so the first month imagine
that you earn 60 thousand a month you are worth more than the
account I have done
imagine that he earns 60 thousand a month well it is
worth of those 60 thousand the first month of
January yes you would pay almost 20 thousand 19 or
something like that okay but from
February onwards the rest of 11 months would already be
taken away at 45% it
is not half exactly the thousand euros up a thousand euros
down 5,000 euros
Rivas 5,000 euros down it is not half
exactly but practically
speaking vulgarly if they are
taking half from you
the first month you would pay half
or in other words the first month you would pay not 45
but you would pay each section but from
the second month onwards yes and now the one who
is earning more because of those who leave
almost all earn more, it is better that the one who is
earning 100 thousand a month in the first month has
already passed all the sections and on
one hand they have already taken away 45% and
Now for the rest of the year, 45 low is a
lot, man, it's a lot, there
's no
logical justification, neither the road nor the health care nor
anything, man, can you continue paying by
reducing that and removing another hook
and the people, I would prefer that all those
people who generate a lot of money, I would
prefer that all those people who generate
a lot of money stayed in Spain and there would be
more wealth in the country, I don't think we import
poverty and export wealth,
which is 45 percent of 10,000, not
70,000. Are you understanding this? Are you
understanding the percentages, how they
work? It goes in sections? Okay, because it's
very easy to say they take half from you and they don't take half from you, they
take away
parts of sections. Don't you think it's fair that those who have the
most pay the most? There it appears. I
liked it, it seems to me how it should be.
If you take more from those who have the most, they continue to have a
lot. You have to be a little
sensible and many of those who say it's
too much, nobody says
that it's not comfortable that the one who
has the most, the one who generates the most, pays more. It's obvious,
in fact, in fact, I  I think they should
lower it even more for those who
earn less and that
self-employed people shouldn't pay contributions if there's a month that they don't
earn a minimum okay but what we
're talking about here are many
gods that are worth it is not half 45
percent that's half
vulgarly speaking man it's not literal but well
as for the rich I don't know if I am
rich I don't doubt that everyone is rich or
if it's some kind of fantasy that you have
with the rich but
but I think
I believe that a rich person shouldn't
complain it's that we're talking about
very rich people before I was talking
is talking to a friend about the subject and my
friend said something that was obvious to me that
made me laugh
now he said very rich people it's not
just the fact that you earn a lot that you're
going to continue living peacefully okay and
then well sell in quote marks
can bear that they're taking
half of you it's that I don't know it's just that you know
that this job today you are here tomorrow it
is here the next year it is here the next
year the march here another year it is not here
and another for us it ends there you have to
go okay then man you don't know
where it's going to be  Tomorrow all the money
what
farm is it
can influence you whether tomorrow you
find yourself on the street or not you ca
n't get money to
live in peace or not
and not that but it's my right to
want to have as much money as possible the
better
obviously
and the knife even if we can call it that I did
n't like it I said to myself and
why do they want so much money a friend
who earns a lot of money by the way but
the thing is quite different what are
these crazy amounts and the thing is that I
think the same thing call me naive
call me naive or call me I don't know that I live
in the world of yuppies but why do you
want so much money I mean you see I
earn 3 million euros a year
and it stays at 1 with 7 million a year
so you don't
have a million with seven a year
because you want
this I don't have to go to bed and cry
for you you are not the victim you are the [ __ ]
master you are good but the thing is that let's see
if I generate 3,000,000 why do I
have to stay with 1 with 7 it's not
right that I stay  with 2 with 4 what do I
want it for? Well, I can
buy a Maserati, I can have to
buy a Maserati and another one to run
errands like that, to the market now it's worth a lot
and instead of living in a small apartment, well, I
can buy a house like this one
like the ones
Kiko Matamoros has, some of these are in a
private development in Madrid. So
what's happening
because I can't, I don't know, I want to, I understand
why I can't, he already has so much,
is it possible, I do
n't want to have any more studies,
titles earned, he is
privileged, envy is run, how
envious, Transilien, how envious, how
envious. In the case of gold, I think
that the video, I think he is one of these
types of thoughts like how would I
say
no progress and not
that he likes to live, the typical person
who doesn't need luxury or many things
because they don't attract his attention
to live
that he is happy otherwise
you have a million, he is aware, you are
a victim, you are
the [ __ ] master, you are privileged,
envy is run, how envious,
Transilien, how envious, how
envious I don't give a damn about
money at first a million euros and I
don't know what the [ __ ] to do with a million  of
euros couple you
live alone that I don't know but for
example in my case,
for example in my case if I am also a
wife and I have two children and the dog
at the moment this apartment is going to be too
small I am looking forward to being able to measure to
save money and be able to sell this and
buy another apartment or whatever comes up
no
and yes it is true that they would know how to
spend money because there are four of us plus the
dog and we need many things
so what would I spend it on? I would spend it
on universities for my children
when my children who needed to get their
license if my wife wants to buy
a car
if we want to buy a bigger house
with guest rooms
to bring my parents if I want to take
my mother from working because I am looking forward
to taking my mother from working to be able to
say hey look don't go to work
you have worked many things, I can think of
many things it
is that I might shove it up my ass the
money million euros I am surprised by the
money and surely if you have a lot of
money what the hell do I do with two million
with three million then surely donates
because the majority of people with a lot of
money like ibai the blond
aurore do not always  they are doing
charitable things donating here donating to you
know because you have extra and you donate it okay
because maybe for you a thousand euros or
fifty thousand euros is nothing it's a
pittance but you give it to someone and it
changes their [ __ ] life or they save their
life directly okay then yes but
not that they force you to take it away from you and
then I'm watching you waste it
on cho chang I envy them of
people who achieve their goals I envy them
of people who get up and [ __ ]
and get down with a pair of balls sorry I
'm not being very rude who get down
with a pair of balls with a pair with a
pair of ovaries to face this is it
I have to be envious of money I
envy those who know I envy those who have
lived I envy those who
achieve what they set out to do and I have
a good that has more values ​​than me of
them I am envious because if we do like
them but the one who has more money put
envy in the [ __ ] life I have never never
cared about money let it stop
being youtube to draw
we have to contribute the money you know the
tens of thousands of euros that he lost
with that that helps me because  my self of
yesterday not
even me youtuber is envious of millions
now
that he's working in what he loves with
less money he is envious of
who I am now
and it gives me hives, it gives me hives
he's that I've earned it
and I'm taking it I get hives no I don't
want to live in a society like that I don't
want to live in a society where
the belief that what's mine predominates for me it
doesn't seem right to me it doesn't seem right to me to create it
Miami
kurt warner Uruguay welcome also
the same as nobody is talking about not
paying anything more to anyone well I think
there are people who do have that ideology and
that mentality of wanting to pay zero me
with paying zeros night agree several
to zero neither can we I
want something that is logical okay
something that is
normal logical what is necessary whatever is needed
of course if you tell me
that you have to pay 45 percent
but is it really necessary for
these people to pay 45 percent
because if not healthcare cannot be maintained
then I say okay okay then that's it it
pisses me off it pisses me off okay I would like to
stay longer but well I live here  I want us to
have healthcare I
want it to be great but then they
're watching you waste [ __ ]
money so there's no need so there's no
need
makes it something that moves forward it
seems to me that unfortunately it's a
setback or there are other factors not only is there
money which money is the
most important because if not you would go live in
Trinidad and Tobago no like
if you want to be calm you go
live in Trinidad and Tobago and there
nobody is going to bother you no gold antigua and
barbuda where you live was antigua and
barbuda that we could be the
name of this channel antigua and barbuda
that is no longer for the bearded ones I understand
that there may be more seductive things
for youtube for the holy ra because
in the end it's a youtuber you spend the day at
home and more if you are very famous you leave the
house and everyone is telling you
today today today today today it seems to
you that socializing
becomes difficult for you I understand that I'm not
saying this from my own experience although I
visit for more or less but I say it
because when you are already in a category
very very very well known well I understand that it would be
the street or going shopping it
becomes complicated for you then you live a
lot at home and it will be the same living in a
town
here in the mountains or living in Timbuktu
because in the end you are practically
living at home all day
in Andorra you can go out on the street more calmly
and
and I also understand that there is a
phenomenon of calling not because since the
first ones who emigrated there there is a
phenomenon of calling and a phenomenon of come
here it is warm warm not
in age no in Andorra it is not warm
but come here it is good for you there is
a call effect like if those
of bar because I do not like the
first one who passes passes and if the others go
because I do not understand those factors of
pineapple and of being calmer than at
home because surely if you see the center
of Madrid and you are a very famous youtuber
then they are going to give you a hard time okay
but I do not share it frankly I did not
go through the center in the end I did not know
anyone I had 10,000 subscribers or
something like that okay and I was in Madrid that we
went to  an event is okay they invited me to the
event look I would have 10,000 or 20,000
subscribers they invited me to an event and let
's go to the YouTube one long live this mystery
by ferrer
focusing well we were going through the [ __ ]
center it was at the time of ferrer
was at his peak when he was doing the
collaborations with hans there it is and
while half the time
of the event was coming we went to eat at the vip of
the gran vía
and we couldn't walk down the street of
people stopping at the pool ferrer man
we felt like walking because the event was
in this movistar building on gran
vía and we went a bit towards the plaza
del sol to the puerta del sol sorry I mean we
couldn't walk every two steps
stopping in the dust it's a tremendous
room it doesn't combine it has it seems
very cold to me and it's it's it's it's ugly it's that it's
ugly it doesn't cost me much
really I don't see ugly and I always try to
take the side of people who have a
different point of view socially if they
are I see ugly they criticize the endings I
say it because in the end  we are nobody to
interfere in what the low
life does today that wants to decide the command
now I'm going to Andorra what my family does I'm
going to Andorra because there I'm going to
make more money
on top of everything I'm going to be more peaceful
less crime
peace of mind in general I like it more I'm
leaving when you leave although although the
main reason is money it's not the
only reason so when you leave
because there are more reasons that you like
because yes yes yes everyone and everyone else
was negative you wouldn't leave if they
took so much money from you but also if they
took it from you they're going to take much less
money there but then everything else is
negative everything is [ __ ] there's a lot
of crime imagine you can't go on
the street because it's too hot it
doesn't compensate me I prefer them to take
half of it screw me but I'm going to be living
better but no no it's that on top of that there are
a series of other factors
other than mine but it's very difficult for me to
find the crack the gap
where I applaud that behavior I
find it very difficult to find it is in
ecd it is not applauding either as such
I know what I call it  it would be an
account and it is so that they realize that there is
something wrong
today there is something here that is wrong and it needs to
change because people are leaving us
as soon as they start
earning a lot of money it doesn't start now the
youtubers are
called youtube but
the youtubers are gone creators
web page designers people who
work for youtubers people in
online poker people there are athletes too there are
a lot of people leaving and this has been going on for
years not only with the youtubers
okay so what I would do would be are we
interested in continuing to have these taxes
and every time they start earning
money what is most requested
or maybe we would not be more interested in
reducing them
okay instead of 45 maybe to 130 and
that they all stay here which would be
more interesting to us maybe if we
reduce them to 30
maybe if we reduce it to 30
and everyone stayed here we would continue to
receive a lot of public money and we
would still be able to paint the banks
purple no what interests us more I think
the mathematician and achieve in the end I
that in the end something  they're going to have to do it, I
think, man, because whether you like it or not, it's
exploding a lot in the critic, no, no, it's
that they're doing well, it's hard
for me, it seems that they're doing wrong,
and above all, being a very bad example, and
this will be more morally stupid or
where are you? Yes, yes, the example
[Music]
populism, I don't know what to call it, but no,
I'm here to create my content to
entertain my people here
listening to me talk about my sauce and whatever
happens around here, saying
anything, but it does seem that setting an example
is important, I say this as the one with the
blanket coat, which I'm not a person
who has brought the most here, we launched
teachers, the best example
in this country, the best example of
coexistence,
but
the majority of
YouTube consumers do have a
tendency to influence, I'm
sorry, but they are, for example, that it is not an
example of solidarity and then it will be
difficult for you to demand justice for certain
things, on the other hand, gekko, the state and
again at 8 cents because the ombú has been
put on these two days, it's all this
weekend, putting a lot of tweets
about the side that going, okay  I imagine
that the mask bus I don't know how to
pronounce it from time to time it takes and got
bored I'm going to take what action I
explode today it wasn't at 2 cents the
other day again well it's at 8 you know the
crazy geisha gets 650 thousand euros and
if she had x
you liked it I think she does it buy and
then sell let's see what I'm going to be I'm going to
put a couple of tui so that it goes up
little by little it goes up and to demand equity
for others when really your actions
are saying that solidarity and that
contributing and that whoever contributes the most, whoever
has the most contributes seems like
theft to you if that seems like theft to you it's because I don't
know what you think about families
suffering to make ends meet
paying they have lazy already taxes
that are much less than what a
rich person paid but that affect them much more it's just that I ca
n't believe that we
can be so out of touch with reality and
that we are paying there are
conditions for healthcare and we shouldn't
spend thousands of euros on
operations  myself
and we must ensure that
taxes continue to be paid and that no one
leaves Andorra, that no one leaves
Andorra, England-Germany, they also
leave because they find work there,
what they tell us is better, they also
take a lot to Ireland, great dam,
United Kingdom, evils because they find better
jobs here in better conditions than
here, they leave, okay, what we have to
do is find solutions so that they
stay, okay, now, if we have very
good healthcare, for example, there is no
need for a Ministry of Equality, after
450 million, there is no need for a
makeup artist for Pedro Sanchez, who does his
makeup, the same, I do my makeup, I
don't spend twenty thousand euros a year on them to
come and do makeup on the sand, in fact, and I do
n't pay them,
but Sanchez doesn't need a
makeup artist, it's not that it's twenty thousand
euros because it's a year, I don't care, I don't
care, it's that I don't care that he does his
makeup, that's what I've said before,
say what I've said before, but
I'm diabetic and he called me diabetic
a few years ago, to try it and it suits me, I liked
the experience,  I would pay
1,200 payments to see if it weren't for the
public card I
think it's gone too far
1,200 would seem too much to me
taxes are not solidarity
donations are solidarity if you
want to be supportive donate to whoever you want
but donate the word itself says it
taxes impose it on you me, for
example yes yes they earn me yes I would
spend about 1,200 or even some
image on the treatment of my
illness but for diabetes be it
for insulin I don't know no they
had told me that it was less because I know
people who are
diabetic with a lot of
diabetic TV unfortunately it is something that
many people have I don't have family
who have it okay and sometimes because of the
had it they buy with their money but they
had told me that like it cost
a lot less almost 300 400 dollars
and I'm not telling you if they had to operate on me for
something I don't understand no way because I
understand that today he is going to give the money
to him or Max okay because this already
happened tomorrow through something delicate and
you know how much he paid you know how much he paid
for me  diabetes
or four euros every two months or
so but what is it really? You are making people
into victims you are making people into victims here
and I'm not just talking about the blondes you are making people
into victims all the rich people are the same
bag all those who are such you want to
get rich paying a million
euros will depend on the type of course the
severity is best because they have five or
six or seven
and pay a million or two you make them into
victims
if they pay a million or two we wouldn't
make them into victims of victims neither does
anyone what is being said is
that too much the victim is where
Eufrasio who has a shoe store and
paying the self-employed and the quarterly
barely has enough for Alkorta and me in the
morning she is a victim and so she
is suffering a robbery so to speak that is how we have to
take care of her yes we have to
protect her but we have to protect
and accuse someone of robbery because they have
taken a million from her because she has 4 they have
n't taken a million from her because she has
Blanquita or two if she has 4 Fabricio
grace I have to be sad I have to
pity myself I have  that I should not appear
either but it is not a pleasure to shoot I have to
go with him to the fight to the weapons come on come on
[ __ ] for you whatever it takes
for a bullet but I think that a lot of
what you were saying this you have a very
high cost of money
you have a totally fanciful concept
of what it is to have one hundred thousand
euros I do not know what it is to have one hundred thousand euros
so take one hundred thousand euros which is already an
amount that let's say even quote
affordable but he has one hundred thousand euros how the [ __ ]
100,000 euros 200 thousand 300 thousand 42 thousand
500 thousand a million euros have
a million euros in your bank
oh but the state I have a million
but the state has taken 500 thousand from me
it turns the figures into
ridiculous and I do not know aware of what
the money really means it is a lot of money
and there you make an extrapolation
but it does not say anything that is totally
ridiculous about what it is to be the owner of so
much wealth in education and health care you
only spend 10% of
public money 10% you pay a  45
percent of what you earn to maintain
the health of education but then of
everything that is collected they only spend on
health and on education a fixed 10 percent
of the percentages as they are according to
their interests you
are not aware it
seems normal to us when it is the
most privileged daily teacher on the planet
and now I say clearly I am not talking about
a specific person in fact you
know that I always spoke very well
of blondes and I am not speaking badly of
him now I am talking about this
tendency to consider that the rich
have well well well they see
fit to go to a tax haven because
look you want to take a lot of money
this seems ridiculous it is not a
tax haven okay it is a totally
totally immobile country that I am going to get involved
thank you very much to everyone for the
company today ok I have to go
because I am tired and ximo that I have
had a crazy day tomorrow we
will surely see each other again
live tomorrow well tomorrow
that directory is not useful because I am going to go to
Jandro's channel at 8 where we are going to be
talking for a bit there we will use
another hour or  Except on Jandro Lyon's channel it's
written as Alejandro Lyons. At eight in
the evening, I'll be there with him and
a couple of colleagues talking about the
Andorra issue and so on, debating
the Andorra issue a bit, so I'll see you there,
Alejandro Lyon. I just
uploaded a video to the
main channel. I want
everyone here to run to the
main channel right now. Also,
I have the video in yellow and I'm not going to make a
dime, but at least go there and
give me a like, okay, guys.